Update Pod Security Admission concept for v1.24 (#31953)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/pod-security-admission.md

[removed](/docs/reference/using-api/deprecation-guide/#v1-25) from Kubernetes in v1.25.
{{< /note >}}

## {{% heading "prerequisites" %}}

To use this mechanism, your cluster must enforce Pod Security admission.

> ## Built-in Pod Security admission enforcement

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Built-in Pod Security admission enforcement
```

In Kubernetes v{{< skew currentVersion >}}, the `PodSecurity` [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/)
is a beta feature and is enabled by default. You must have this feature gate enabled.
If you are running a different version of Kubernetes, consult the documentation for that release.

### Alternative: installing the `PodSecurity` admission webhook {#webhook}

> The `PodSecurity` admission logic is available as a [validating admission webhook](https://git.k8s.io/pod-security-admission/webhook). This implementation is also beta.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `PodSecurity` admission logic is also available as a [validating admission webhook](https://git.k8s.io/pod-security-admission/webhook). This implementation is also beta.
```

> For environments where the built-in `PodSecurity` admission plugin cannot be used (for example, because the cluster has the Pod Security feature administratively disabled), you can instead use that logic via a validating admission webhook.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For environments where the built-in `PodSecurity` admission plugin cannot be enabled, you can instead enable that logic via a validating admission webhook.
```

- The example is a bit misleading, I'd suggest we just drop it.
- s/used/enabled/ since there are still situations where neither can be used (can't update namespace labels)

Author: I'm not clear on which bit you're suggesting dropping @tallclair. The overall mention of using the webhook, the context for when you might do that, or something else?

Reviewer: Sorry, the bullet points were just summarizing the motivation behind the suggested change. The suggested change is all that I'm suggesting here.

Author: OK, I think that's resolved.
